Athey, S. and G. W. Imbens (2021). "Design-based analysis in Difference-In-Differences settings with staggered adoption." Journal of Econometrics.
	In this paper we study estimation of and inference for average treatment effects in a setting with panel data. We focus on the staggered adoption setting where units, e.g, individuals, firms, or states, adopt the policy or treatment of interest at a particular point in time, and then remain exposed to this treatment at all times afterwards. We take a design perspective where we investigate the properties of estimators and procedures given assumptions on the assignment process. We show that under random assignment of the adoption date the standard Difference-In-Differences (DID) estimator is an unbiased estimator of a particular weighted average causal effect. We characterize the exact finite sample properties of this estimand, and show that the standard variance estimator is conservative.

Baker, A., et al. (2021). "How Much Should We Trust Staggered Difference-In-Difference Estimates?" European Corporate Governance Institute Finance Working Paper(No. 736).
	Difference-in-differences analysis with staggered treatment timing is frequently used to assess the impact of policy changes on corporate outcomes in academic research. However, recent advances in econometric theory show that such designs are likely to be biased in the presence of treatment effect heterogeneity. Given the pronounced use of staggered treatment designs in applied corporate finance and accounting research, this finding potentially impacts a large swath of prior findings in these fields. We survey the nascent literature and document how and when such bias arises from treatment effect heterogeneity. We apply recently proposed methods to a set of prior published results, and find that correcting for the bias induced by the staggered nature of policy adoption frequently impacts the estimated effect from standard difference-in-difference studies. In many cases, the reported effects in prior research become indistinguishable from zero.

Callaway, B. and P. H. C. Sant’Anna (2020). "Difference-in-Differences with multiple time periods." Journal of Econometrics.
	In this article, we consider identification, estimation, and inference procedures for treatment effect parameters using Difference-in-Differences (DiD) with (i) multiple time periods, (ii) variation in treatment timing, and (iii) when the “parallel trends assumption” holds potentially only after conditioning on observed covariates. We show that a family of causal effect parameters are identified in staggered DiD setups, even if differences in observed characteristics create non-parallel outcome dynamics between groups. Our identification results allow one to use outcome regression, inverse probability weighting, or doubly-robust estimands. We also propose different aggregation schemes that can be used to highlight treatment effect heterogeneity across different dimensions as well as to summarize the overall effect of participating in the treatment. We establish the asymptotic properties of the proposed estimators and prove the validity of a computationally convenient bootstrap procedure to conduct asymptotically valid simultaneous (instead of pointwise) inference. Finally, we illustrate the relevance of our proposed tools by analyzing the effect of the minimum wage on teen employment from 2001–2007. Open-source software is available for implementing the proposed methods.

de Chaisemartin, C. and X. D'Haultfœuille (2020). "Two-Way Fixed Effects Estimators with Heterogeneous Treatment Effects." American Economic Review 110(9): 2964-2996.
	
Jakiela, P. (2021). Simple Diagnostics for Two-Way Fixed Effects.
	Difference-in-differences estimation is a widely used method of program evaluation. When treatment is implemented in different places at different times, researchers often use two-way fixed effects to control for location-specific and period-specific shocks. Such estimates can be severely biased when treatment effects change over time within treated units. I review the sources of this bias and propose several simple diagnostics for assessing its likely severity. I illustrate these tools through a case study of free primary education in Sub-Saharan Africa.

Sant’Anna, P. H. C. and J. Zhao (2020). "Doubly robust difference-in-differences estimators." Journal of Econometrics 219(1): 101-122.
	This article proposes doubly robust estimators for the average treatment effect on the treated (ATT) in difference-in-differences (DID) research designs. In contrast to alternative DID estimators, the proposed estimators are consistent if either (but not necessarily both) a propensity score or outcome regression working models are correctly specified. We also derive the semiparametric efficiency bound for the ATT in DID designs when either panel or repeated cross-section data are available, and show that our proposed estimators attain the semiparametric efficiency bound when the working models are correctly specified. Furthermore, we quantify the potential efficiency gains of having access to panel data instead of repeated cross-section data. Finally, by paying particular attention to the estimation method used to estimate the nuisance parameters, we show that one can sometimes construct doubly robust DID estimators for the ATT that are also doubly robust for inference. Simulation studies and an empirical application illustrate the desirable finite-sample performance of the proposed estimators. Open-source software for implementing the proposed policy evaluation tools is available.

Sun, L. and S. Abraham (2020). "Estimating dynamic treatment effects in event studies with heterogeneous treatment effects." Journal of Econometrics.
	To estimate the dynamic effects of an absorbing treatment, researchers often use two-way fixed effects regressions that include leads and lags of the treatment. We show that in settings with variation in treatment timing across units, the coefficient on a given lead or lag can be contaminated by effects from other periods, and apparent pretrends can arise solely from treatment effects heterogeneity. We propose an alternative estimator that is free of contamination, and illustrate the relative shortcomings of two-way fixed effects regressions with leads and lags through an empirical application.

